Congratulations.
You have completed the first lesson on Spark.
In this lesson, we have discussed what we mean by big data,
Spark's typical use cases,
and you should, or shouldn't use Spark,
and some tools surrounding Spark,
in the big data ecosystem.
If you would like to learn more about the topics and tools in the big data ecosystem,
check out the additional resources provided below.
This course, we are focused on Spark,
so we touched on the other tools only for your exposure.
Now that you have a high-level understanding of the big data ecosystem, the next lesson,
we'll take a closer look at how to use Spark,
to solve real world big data problems.